Here are some of the coding projects I've worked on:

- [Senior Thesis Code](Thesis_Network_FinalCode.ipynb/) - For my senior thesis at Harvard, I collected undirected, directed, and weighted network data from a real organization, created a network statistics calculator to efficiently process it, and developed new metrics using the network statistics to analyze the network in a newly quantitative way. The full thesis can be read [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11TFFW09H3pMyNrFZEa4-ORIp7PtXoHreAtGVI-HHXyo/edit?usp=sharing). 
- [Senior Thesis Network Visualizations](Thesis_networks.gephi/) - I used the network visualization software Gephi to model the 3 networks I collected ([communication](Picture1.png/), help, and trust) and manually create a third based on information I gathered about the organization (the structural network).
- [Modified Erdos Renyi Model](Luis_Network_Formation_Code_Test.ipynb/) - In my junior year of college, I worked one on one with an MIT professor to develop an idea I had to improve the Erdos-Renyi random graph model for social networks by incorporating the concept of triadic closure. I created a second probability of edge formation based on whether two vertices share a neighbor which was slightly higher than the standard random edge formation probability. We then tested our model against real world social networks using logarithmic likelihood and found that it was a far better representation of social networks than a traditional Erdos-Renyi graph. Test data was obtained from the Index of Complete Networks (ICON) from The University of Colorado Boulder. 
- [Investor Network Dynamic Visualization](Financial_Institutions.gephi/) - One example of temporal network visualization I have done using Gephi. Network data from ICON.
